your questions are so good love yeah
you're killing this thank you very much
thank
you I'm really sorry so lovely you've
been my favorite
interview
for honestly this is such a great uh
experience for me because I'm a YouTuber
in Korea who makes video in my room but
today I'm in a hotel room with great
talents of the industry the both of you
at the same time so Chris hams withth
and an Jo is such a great pleasure to
meet you both thank you for being here
with us pleasure to meet you thank you
very much and what makes this day more
special for me is that we are here to
talk about the movie the latest Mad Max
movie furiosa of Mad Max Saga so Ana
when Queen Gambit hit the world when it
became the huge hit it was during the
pandemic so first it was quite hard for
you to realize that you were getting
International Fame and you had hard time
have fun with it because of the old
lockdown thing but after that when you
become the princess peit for the Super
Mario Brothers and you became the sister
of Lisa Al guy for part two and
especially from the outfit she wears
yesterday I can see that you're really
enjoying meeting the audience with your
movies and all the red cup eving MH so
with the movie hitting the theaters just
in weeks are you ready to get remembered
by the name furiosa by the global fans
and getting even more acknowledgement
for your career good oh gosh I mean you
know I didn't even realize this until
you said it but I actually I got furiosa
before Queen's Gambit even came out so I
got this job and then everything kind of
started happening and I was like whoo um
but I'm just very grateful to be
associated with this group of filmmakers
you know I think that's what really
drives me is working with people where
I'm just like wow your brain and the way
that you see things and thank you for
letting me come along for the ride so um
yeah I'm just grateful to be part of the
madmax family it's a very unique one
yeah as a person who watch the movie I'm
pretty sure everybody will be welcoming
you to Jo joining the family of
appreciate it and same thing for you
Chris there are many movies and many
characters that can describe you but I
just want to put it this way um I'm a
Korean I don't know much about
Australian people but George Miller madx
mad XX movies and Chris hamsworth yeah
I'm 199% sure that among the things that
Australian people are proud of these
three are definitely in and what makes
this combination more interesting is
that when you were already International
Star back in 2015 the latest instrument
of this franchise mad X Fury Road was
the movie that gave the pure joy of
watching a movie instead of analyzing
one yeah so playing a happy role in this
movie for this director must have been
something special for you incredibly
special yeah
um when I saw Fury Road I remember
thinking I have to be a part of that
Universe have to work with George Miller
and the script came my way I read it and
instantly fell in love with it and it
was everything I could have hoped for um
you know it's been around for 40 5 years
I grew up watching these films with my
dad um it's a piece of iconic Australian
Cinema um and so it's it's it's
something very special and it'll be
it'll be hard to top The Experience on
the next one and it must have been
really a good experience for you because
um I I just heard it from the interview
that you used your grandfather to Accent
you you used it to play a character yeah
he he had a very sort of um strong
nality you know sort of H H kind of
quality to the way he spoke um and I
wanted there to be something abrasive
about this guy and so of irritating in
his voice not that my grandfather was
irritating but um just pitching it in
that register outside of my normal sort
of speaking voice helped then inform how
the character moved and sort of
mannerisms be had to be different and so
um that was that was kind of the
starting point for me as far as building
out the character yeah it's fun it was
really interesting to to see you use
that voice because we are so um MH
familiar with his deep low voice so it
was even interesting to see the new
sound coming out from your mouth cool
thanks talking about your individual
characters I want to ask you about your
character um anyone who has seen Mad Max
Fury Ro must have been at least once
curious about the past of furiosa and
you got the opportunity to fill in the
Gap with your artistic talents but at
the same time because of the nature of
this movie by the end of this movie
there are certain destination where the
story and the character has to reach
completely so as an actor how did you
find the good balance between being
creative and being familiar while
playing this one character furios your
questions are so good love yeah you're
killing this thank you very much thank
you um you know I I made the conscious
choice too I got the job I watched Fury
Road once all the way through and got it
like really into my DNA I'd obviously
seen it plenty of times before that but
I refreshed myself and then I chose not
to watch it again I would watch the
first 10 minutes of it but only to
understand the film making I didn't want
to be um I didn't want to get caught in
trying to do an impersonation of
somebody because then I think that it's
a you're ripping somebody off and that's
really deeply unfair especially to a
talent that I admire so much and then
also you're just there's no way that you
can win with it but I do think that the
costume and the look informs so much and
I think I had her so close to me and
then I remember on the first day when I
walked out as the more familiar version
of uh furiosa or the crew that had
worked on Fury Road were like I like
okay okay this is going to work you're a
bit scared you know as you're doing it
but then it I think it works so
absolutely it worked I like I told you I
was the audience and I think you must
have heard it like when you came out
with that outfit there was some out
during the audience they were like okay
she's getting there she is her yeah so I
think the global audience will
acknowledge what you did in the movie
thank you they will love it absolutely
and talking about your character Chris
um dementus he's an interesting
character he's a villain and he's really
bad guy evil evil man evil man but
watching a movie there's something about
misunderstood naughty naughty man
naughty and twisty mind guy yeah but
demented yeah but watching this movie
there's something that makes me want to
figure out who he really is and think
about his past life and I heard that you
actually got this script two years
before the first shooting of this movie
but for those two years you kind of got
puzzled by this dementus you had hard
time understanding it but two weeks
before the first Shi under the advice of
George Miller you tried writing a
journalist dementus and you said it
really helped you how to understand him
yeah so if you can go a little bit
deeper into your answers that you gave
the previous interviews for those two
years what was the most personing thing
thing about understanding him and among
the things you wrote in the journal
which sentence or idea or word gave you
the most um insight to this
character um you know he was he was a
he's he's a conqueror he's he a
marauding
nomadic um there's a sort of tribal sort
of you know mentality between him and
his The bikah Horde that in the
followers that he is a master and
they've you know going from say town to
town or place to a place kind of
invading taking over someone much like a
lot of sort of conquerors and dictators
and so on through history and so we
discussed a lot of those kind of
individuals George and I and um and that
was all spurring little bits of
inspiration and ideas but it felt kind
of surface and until I sort of started
journaling as the character and a lot of
it was about the past of where he'd come
from and you know if you look at both
characters they're both in this extreme
environment But ultimately it's their
decisions at the end of the day that
rest upon themselves and you have two
people behave very different you know
both both facing adversity and and
extreme um suffering but one chooses to
you know be Noble in in their sort of
pursuit and and and honorable and the
other chooses just to continue to
express further pain or you know
participate in further violence and so
on as had been done to him but you know
I think that was what the opportunity
the script gave me was to have a
character that had layers hopefully and
and and wasn't sort of you know
onedimensional and and we got a little
insight into kind of his backstory and
but it's there's an ambiguity to it too
he hints at it we talk about it but it
doesn't need to be sort of explained in
great detail it's left open for
interpretation I think your your answer
gave me the great explanation of the the
dialogue you had at the end of the movie
which you will have to witness in the
theaters and there things to uh to wrap
things up so can I ask you the last
question I prepared you have to sorry
you have to wrap
up I'm really sorry okay
um I'm really sorry movies is there are
almost no verbal explanation of all
things happen in the movie but once you
watch the movie the world and people
living in it just comes into you and
this time you guys help him with it
because F furi doesn't talk too much but
from her the look on her face and the
things she does I can feel that what
she's feeling and dementus while he
talks quite a lot he doesn't he doesn't
talk about himself that much but like
you said from the few lines he talks and
from the few action he makes I can kind
of imagine what kind of life he had
before right so as an actor's point of
view how was it to indirectly presenting
your character and telling the story
like George Miller does with his
movies it was you know I think the the
main piece of advice that I got from
anybody that worked on Fury Road was you
have to trust George and I really really
followed that and he's such a lovely man
but this is his universe and he really
told me like you have to believe that I
can read it in your eyes I want you to
do nothing it all has to live in your
eyes and what's that's scary as an actor
if you're going to do that with somebody
you're going to do it with George Miller
in a Mad Max movie like that's the time
to do it you know so I'm I'm glad that
you picked up on them yeah yeah I've um
I played you know characters that were a
lot Stiller and had a lot less to say
and there was a lot more internalization
and and I you know take my hat off to
Anya because it I think it's it's the
hardest thing to do is to be contained
and still um express the amount of
emotion and story and depth that she has
done with this character you know the
sort of shortcut for me is you know I
get to sort of talk about it and do it
all and I can kind of explain all what
what I'm thinking which is also really
hard by the way it's a lot of dialogue
it's a lot of a lot of trying to
remember your lines and something yeah
they both have their you know their
challenges but it um again departure
from whatever you've done previously and
for me this was something different and
you know next time round I'll speak
less see if I can you know emote a tenth
of what Ana had done he he also I think
that the thing that's really exciting is
that George is one of those beautiful
people who
I would hope most people get into film
because they love it and they love it
with a childlike excitement and vigor
and when you see George just get lit up
with Glee when something works that's
such a
beautiful um motivator because we're all
there to make his vision come to life
and he really is a a very special man W
I hope George watch this movie I watch
this video what you just said and I'm
sry times and yeah thank you very much
and hope this lovely you've been my
favorite interview thank you so much
byebye